No, it's impossible.
What's wrong, I think it's impossible for Xiao Qian to still be alive.
No, I don't know what you are talking about.
I also brought Xiao Qian back to Jiangquanzi,
If you don't believe me, you can go back with me.
It shows that there must be something in this, and it’s not nonsense.
Isn’t it okay to see Xiaoqian lying to me?
After seeing me with your own eyes, black body is,
Could it be that his old eyes are talking to me?
Why didn't he say he saw someone else?
The true king just went to protect him,
To protect him, to protect him, is to eat great things like he was born to do,
What kind of killing.
Just press this button, do you think so?
This, this is what I did, it has nothing to do with Your Highness,
It is my beloved Majesty's hospital.
Run a dog next door to the center
Is it because you bid crazy prices?
I won't go down the street.
I blinded you
It's in your hand
A few pieces of royal pledge
Really step back, step back
I'll give you a few bucks
Don't cherish it
This thing is a mistake
This will definitely find someone new
What are your limitations? Can you tell me about them?
In fact, after
Make friends and create new people
Let's meet
Don't call me righteous
I just showed it to me
I found out that
No one thinks I’m a technician
hold technology